Fix wording about infinite iterators for iterator helper methods (#36622)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/iterator/some/index.md

`some()` iterates the iterator and invokes the `callbackFn` function once for each element. It returns `true` immediately if the callback function returns a truthy value. Otherwise, it iterates until the end of the iterator and returns `false`. If `some()` returns `true`, the underlying iterator is closed by calling its `return()` method.

> The main advantage of iterator helpers over array methods is that they are lazy, meaning that they only produce the next value when requested. This can improve performance and also allows them to be used with infinite iterators. With infinite iterators, `some()` returns `true` as soon as the first truthy value is found. If the `callbackFn` always returns a falsy value, the method never returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of iterator helpers over array methods is that they are lazy, meaning that they only produce the next value when requested. This avoids unnecessary computation and also allows them to be used with infinite iterators. With infinite iterators, `some()` returns `true` as soon as the first truthy value is found. If the `callbackFn` always returns a falsy value, the method never returns.
```
